Add max_multipart_parts setting to S3 repository (#113989)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/repository-s3.asciidoc

`chunk_size`::

    (<<byte-units,byte value>>) Big files can be broken down into chunks during snapshotting if needed.
    When large file split into chunks, the chunk size will be defined by smallest of `chunk_size`
    or `buffer_size * max_multipart_parts`. Specify the chunk size as a value and unit, for example:

>     `1TB`, `1GB`, `10MB`. Defaults to the maximum size of a blob in the S3 which is `5TB`.

Reviewer: I never really liked the wording here to start with :) How about something like this? 

```
    (<<byte-units,byte value>>) The maximum size of object that {es} will write to the repository when creating a snapshot. Files which are
    larger than `chunk_size` will be chunked into several smaller objects. {es} may also split a file across multiple objects to satisfy
    other constraints such as the `max_multipart_parts` limit. Defaults to `5TB` which is the
    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/qfacts.html[maximum size of an object in AWS S3].
```

Author: + on doc changes, thank you

    size allowed by S3. Defaults to `100mb` or `5%` of JVM heap, whichever is
    smaller.

`max_multipart_parts` ::

>     (<<number,numeric>>) Maximum number of parts for multipart upload. When large file split into
>     chunks, the chunk size will be defined by smallest of `chunk_size` or `buffer_size * max_multipart_parts`.
>     Default value is 10,000, also see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/qfacts.html[S3 multipart upload limits].
>     For example, with `buffer_size=100MB` and `max_multipart_parts=10,000` summation of all parts is about 1TB.
>     If chunk_size is set to 5TB then smallest between two would be 1TB.

Reviewer: I'd be inclined not to dwell too much on the calculations here, how about something like this?

```suggestion
    (<<number,integer>>) The maximum number of parts that {es} will write during a multipart upload of a single object. Files which are
    larger than `buffer_size × max_multipart_parts` will be chunked into several smaller objects. {es} may also split a file across multiple
    objects to satisfy other constraints such as the `chunk_size` limit. Defaults to `10000` which is the
    https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/qfacts.html[maximum number of parts in a multipart upload in AWS S3].
```
